Update serverless-functions.mdx (#1031)
nhost/nhost: docs/docs/platform/serverless-functions.mdx

## Regions

Serverless Functions are always deployed to the same region as your project.

> ## Debugging
> 
> To see the output of `console.log` in you terminal, you can use `docker logs -f <your-nhost-functions-container-id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Local Debugging

To see the output of `console.log` in your terminal, you can use `nhost logs -f functions`.
```
